Is there coverage for the next situation based on the terms and conditions?

Address: My address
Location: bedroom
Main Category: Audio Video
Category: Computers and Mobiles
Policy Type: Household
Additional information: Received small dentures from the dentist at 2 p.m. in the afternoon and put them in. Vanished without a trace the next morning. Took it off the night before before going to sleep, but the next day (and the days after that) it was nowhere to be found.


Policy terms and conditions:
Conditions home insurance

ABN AMRO Schadeverzekering N.V.

This is a translation of the original Dutch text. In the event of any disparity between the Dutch original and this translation, the Dutch text will prevail.
These conditions describe your insurance. This insurance covers financial setbacks in the event of damage to your home. You can have two levels of
cover: basic and all risk. Do you have any questions? Call telephone number 0900 – 0024 (usual call charges).

What do these conditions say?
Page 1: What do the words in italics mean?
Page 1: How do you report damage?
Page 1: What changes must you always report?
Page 2: What does your home insurance cover?
Page 2: What does your home insurance never cover?
Page 3: What happens in the event of damage and what do we pay out?
Page 4-5: What other agreements are there?
Page 6-7: Definitions with explanation of words printed in italics.
Page 8-10: Clauses Sheet Terrorism Cover


What do the words in italics mean?
Some words in these conditions are printed in italics. These words have a special meaning. The interpretation of these words can be found in
the list of definitions at the end of these conditions.


How do you report damage?
Has your home been damaged? Report this as quickly as possible. This is possible in three ways:
 you can call telephone number +31 (0)38 496 7123;
 you can report the damage in writing or online by means of a claim form. You can find the claim form on abnamro.nl.
You will find it quickly if you search using the words ‘schade woning’.
 Online via abnamro.nl/schade;


What changes must you always report?
You must report the following changes to us:
 if the family situation stated on the policy changes or the roofing material of your home is changed.
We will then adjust your premium to this;
 if you haven’t been permanently living in your home for over four months. In that event, this insurance will not cover damage due to theft or
attempted theft, vandalism, terrorism, precipitation, overflowing water or glass damage. We may then also terminate your insurance;
 if your home is being remodelled or if an addition is being built. In that event, you have basic cover.
 if you rent out your home or part thereof, use it for business, or if the government declares your home uninhabitable or unusable or
expropriates your home. In that event, your insurance ends;
 If you provide incorrect information, or commit fraud or deception;
Please note: You must report these changes within 14 days after they arise. If you fail to report such change in time, you may receive a lower
payout, or even no payout, in the event of damage.
60-5621-0523
Conditions
home insurance
ABN AMRO Schadeverzekering N.V.
This is a translation of the original Dutch text. In the event of any disparity between the Dutch original and this translation, the Dutch text will prevail.
These conditions describe your insurance. This insurance covers financial setbacks in the event of damage to your home. You can have two levels of
cover: basic and all risk. Do you have any questions? Call telephone number 0900 – 0024 (usual call charges).
What do these conditions say?
Page 1: What do the words in italics mean?
Page 1: How do you report damage?
Page 1: What changes must you always report?
Page 2: What does your home insurance cover?
Page 2: What does your home insurance never cover?
Page 3: What happens in the event of damage and what do we pay out?
Page 4-5: What other agreements are there?
Page 6-7: Definitions with explanation of words printed in italics.
Page 8-10: Clauses Sheet Terrorism Cover


What do the words in italics mean?
Some words in these conditions are printed in italics. These words have a special meaning. The interpretation of these words can be found in
the list of definitions at the end of these conditions.


How do you report damage?
Has your home been damaged? Report this as quickly as possible. This is possible in three ways:
 you can call telephone number +31 (0)38 496 7123;
 you can report the damage in writing or online by means of a claim form. You can find the claim form on abnamro.nl.
You will find it quickly if you search using the words ‘schade woning’.
 Online via abnamro.nl/schade;


What changes must you always report?
You must report the following changes to us:
 if the family situation stated on the policy changes or the roofing material of your home is changed.
We will then adjust your premium to this;
 if you haven’t been permanently living in your home for over four months. In that event, this insurance will not cover damage due to theft or
attempted theft, vandalism, terrorism, precipitation, overflowing water or glass damage. We may then also terminate your insurance;
 if your home is being remodelled or if an addition is being built. In that event, you have basic cover.
 if you rent out your home or part thereof, use it for business, or if the government declares your home uninhabitable or unusable or
expropriates your home. In that event, your insurance ends;
 If you provide incorrect information, or commit fraud or deception;
Please note: You must report these changes within 14 days after they arise. If you fail to report such change in time, you may receive a lower
payout, or even no payout, in the event of damage.


What does your home insurance cover?
Your insurance covers damage to your home including glass. The damage must be sudden and unforeseen. The cover is dependent on the
choice you have made.


Basic cover
The basic cover applies, unless there is a situation that your insurance never covers. Therefore, do not just read what your insurance
covers, but also what your insurance never covers.

Does the policy say that you have “basic” cover? Then damage due to the following events is covered:
 fire, smoke, soot, lightening or explosion;
 storm;
 a falling aircraft or spacecraft or an object from outer space;
 theft or attempted theft;
 vandalism. Please note: Defacement of the outside of the home is not covered;
 terrorism.
 disturbance or disorder;
 being hit by a motor vehicle, being hit by a vessel or falling load;
 a falling tree, antenna, crane or parts thereof. Please note: If this is caused by a storm, this damage falls under storm;
 glass shards of a window, mirror, aquarium or glass plate;
 Precipitation or overflowing water. Please note: Repair of roofs, gutters and drain pipes is only covered if the damage has been
caused by hail or snow pressure. Damage caused by precipitation through open doors or windows is not covered.
 Flooding of a non-primary flood defence. It does not matter here whether the flooding is the cause or the result of an insured event.
Please note: There is no cover for damage due to mixed water if a primary flood defence and a non-primary flood defence are flooded
at the same time.


All risk cover
Does the policy say that you have all risk cover? Then, in addition to the events under the basic cover, damage caused by all other events,
unless there is a situation that your insurance never covers.


What does your home insurance never cover?
Your insurance NEVER covers damage arising:
 by intent, recklessness, serious fault, serious negligence or an illegal activity in which you have engaged;
 while hemp is grown in the home or in the course of another illegal activity;
 because you are under the influence of a narcotic substance;
 due to bad or overdue maintenance, wear and tear, rot or rust;
 due to the processing or cleaning of the home;
 due to normal use, even if that leads to disfigurement;
 due to damage to your home due to inherent defect. Please note: this does not hold for consequential damage;
 to leaking insulating glass if this glass is more than 10 years old or if the glass is warranted;
 by renting out your home or part thereof;
 While your home is being used for business. Please note: This does not apply if you perform desk or computer work in your home in
employment or as an entrepreneur;
 due to an earthquake, flooding, acts of war or nuclear reaction;
 Due to groundwater, water that originates wholly or partly from the sea, water from garden and other hoses or damp penetration;
 Due to ground movement such as shifting or subsidence. Please note: This does not apply to flood damage due to collapse, damage,
overflow or failure of non-primary flood defences;
 due to wind weaker than wind force 7 according to the KNMI [Royal Dutch Meteorological Institute];
 or a pet/animal you allow inside your home;
 due to a plant, mould, virus, bacteria or vermin;
 due to a construction fault of your home;
 during remodelling work. Unless you demonstrate that the risk of damage has not increased due to this.
 before the beginning or after termination of your insurance;
 due to terrorism that is not covered by the Nederlandse Herverzekeringsmaatschappij Terrorismeschaden (NHT) [Dutch Terrorism Risk
Reinsurance Company]. See also nht.vereende.nl/downloads;
 if national or international laws or rules prohibit this;
 Or is present on solar panels and can only be detected using measuring equipment or other technical aids. For example, microcracks
(hairline cracks) that are not visible;
 Due to flooding of a primary flood defence or flooding caused by direct action by the government;
 Due to water that has overflowed the banks in areas outside the dikes. For example, in harbours outside the dikes, floodplains and
areas designated by the government for water storage;
 Due to a corrosive substance, oil, grease, paint and solvents.

Please note! Your insurance never covers damage in the case of fraud.


What happens in the event of damage and what do we pay out?

What do we do when you report damage to us?
If you report damage to us, then we will determine what happened and whether the damage is covered. And the scope of your
damage. You give us the information we need. We may also have the damaged thing repaired or replaced by a similar thing. Has there
been a criminal offence? Then you must send us proof that the matter was reported to the police. What if you do not cooperate in
the assessment of the damage or fail to observe another obligation from the conditions? Then we may refuse to pay out a damage.
Sometimes we ask an expert to help us determine the cause and extent of the damage.You may also engage an expert yourself. But
only if you disagree with our expert. We reimburse this up to the maximum amount that our expert charges. Does your expert charge
more? Then we assess whether this is reasonable. But only if you disagree with our expert. We do not reimburse unreasonable costs.
If you want to know what costs we consider reasonable and will reimburse, please contact us in advance. What happens if both you
and we each engage an expert? These experts will then first together appoint an independent expert. Then your expert and our expert
will each determine the scope of the damage. They will try to agree between themselves. What happens if they cannot agree? Then the
independent expert will decide the matter.

How do we determine whether damage is covered?
In order to determine whether damage is covered we use these conditions, your policy and the information we have received.

What if the damage is related to terrorism?
Sometimes, we cannot assume responsibility for compensating damage caused by terrorism. In such case, we will only compensate
you for damage to the extent that it is insured by the Nederlandse Herverzekeringsmaatschappij voor Terrorismeschade (NHT) (Dutch
Terrorism Claims Reinsurance Company). A maximum of one billion euros is available each calendar year for all damage caused by
terrorism in the Netherlands. This maximum amount applies to all insurers in the Netherlands that are members of the NHT and applies
only to events giving rise to damage that is covered under the insurance of these insurers. If the damage caused by terrorism exceeds
one billion euros in any year, the NHT will determine the payment percentage. This means that the NHT will decide what percentage it
will pay out to the insurers that are members of the NHT. In that event, we will compensate you for that percentage of your damage, less
the excess (if applicable). If the total damage is less than one billion euros, or if for any other reason the NHT does not pay out to us, we
will pay out as described in these policy conditions.
For more information, you can read the Clauses Sheet Terrorism Cover that is part of these policy conditions. This Clauses Sheet is
enclosed as an appendix. You can also visit the NHT’s website www.terrorismeverzekerd.nl, for the NHT’s contact details, news and
background information. Here you can also find the Claims Settlement Protocol, in which you can read how the NHT handles damage.
If you report the damage two or more years after the NHT has decided whether it is the result of terrorism, any right to compensation of
damage will lapse.


How do we determine the scope of the covered damage?
The scope of the damage is the reconstruction value immediately before the damage minus the reconstruction value immediately after
the damage. Please note: Can your home not be rebuilt in the same place? Or was your home vacant, in use by squatters, uninhabited,
intended for demolition or expropriated before the damage? Then we use the sale value immediately prior to the damage without
determining the value of the land to determine the scope of the damage. Sometimes the repair remains visible after the repair of the
damage. For example, there may be a difference in colour or texture. We do not reimburse the costs of resolving this.

Do you have damage to floors, walls or ceilings in a room? Then we only reimburse the parts of the room concerned that are actually
damaged.

How do we calculate what amount will be paid out to you?
We take the scope of the damage as the basis for the payout. Please note: This is not the case if the repair costs are lower than the
amount of the damage. In that case we will pay out the repair costs. Do you have excess? Then we deduct that from the payout. We pay
out the remaining amount. We may also pay out the damage in kind.
Please note: We never pay out more than €1,000 per event for special glass.


What other costs do we reimburse if your damage is covered?
The following costs are reimbursed without a need to consult us in advance:
 Energy costs that you incur because energy is not generated for your own use by your solar panels or other sustainable energy-generating
things. Please note: This applies up to a maximum of €2,000 per event.
 costs charged by Stichting Salvage;
 reasonable costs of experts: If you want to know what costs we consider reasonable and what costs we reimburse, please contact us in advance;
 costs that you incur to reduce or prevent immediate or immediately imminent damage.

We also reimburse other costs. But only if you consult with us before you incur these costs. And if we agree. These other costs are:
 costs of substitute housing, if you can no longer live in the home;
 costs of repair of your garden. Please note: We will not reimburse this in the event of damage to your garden due to storm, precipitation,
theft or vandalism;
 costs of cleaning up a fallen tree due to storm;
 costs of cleaning up asbestos released in the own home up to a maximum of €45,000;
 costs for demolishing your home and removing rubble, if necessary;
 costs to clean or remove contaminated soil or contaminated water because this is required by the government;
 costs to take emergency measures, because this is required by the government.
 costs for replacing house keys and the associated locks. But only in the event of damage due to theft or robbery in the home up to a
maximum of €550;
 costs of tracing and repairing water pipes in the home. And the necessary demolition and repair work. Please note: We do not compensate
these costs in the event of a blocked water pipe;
 costs of transport and storage of your household contents, if necessary.


What other agreements are there?

When does your insurance start?
The insurance starts on the starting date. The starting date is on the policy.

When does your insurance change?
The insurance will be changed on the date of change. The date of change is on the changed policy. The policy that we have issued
previously expires as of the change date.

When may we change your insurance?
We may always change the conditions or premium of your insurance on the revision date. We may also change your insurance at other times:
 Has the policyholder reported a change in the risk? Or the details on your policy are not correct? Then we may change the premium or
the conditions.
 Do we want to change the insurance for a specific group of insurances or policyholders at the same time? Then we may change the
premium, condition sor discounts on a date we choose.
Do you not agree to a change? Then you can terminate the insurance at any time. What if you do not terminate the insurance? Then you
accept the change.

When may you terminate your insurance?
You may terminate your insurance at any time. You cannot terminate your insurance with retroactive effect.

When may we terminate your insurance?
We may terminate your insurance on the revision date. The revision date is on the policy. We must give notice of the termination of the
insurance 60 days before the revision date.

We may also terminate your insurance in the following situations:
 within 30 days after damage has been reported, rejected or paid out;
 if an insured person provides incorrect information, or commits fraud or deception;
 in the event of changes which you must report;
 if the ABN AMRO bank account, linked to this insurance, is closed;
 if you have not paid the premium despite a warning.
 if you or another interested party is on a national or international sanctions list or is placed on such a list.



When and how does the policyholder pay the premium?
The policyholder pays the premium each month or year. The insurance premium, costs and insurance tax will be automatically deducted
from your account. If this fails or we do not receive any premium? Then we will send you a warning. And if you still do not pay? Then
cover automatically lapses 15 days after we have sent you a warning and the insurance ends.

Transfer or time-barring
In the event of damage you cannot transfer any objects to us.
Claims will be time-barred 3 years after a payout has been made. Or 3 years after the damage arose and you did not report it to us.

Complaints
If you are not satisfied with this insurance or our service, you can file a complaint with us. For more information on how to report a
complaint to us, please go to abnamro.nl/klacht. If you are not satisfied with how your complaint was resolved, you can present your
complaint to the independent Klachteninstituut Financiële Dienstverlening (KiFid) [Financial Services Complaints Institution], P.O. Box
93257, 2509 AG The Hague or via kifid.nl. You may also present the complaint to a court in the Netherlands.

Protection of privacy and electronic recording
We are bound by the Code of Conduct for the Processing of Personal Data by the Insurance Industry (Gedragscode Verwerking
Persoonsgegevens Verzekeraars). You can find this code of conduct on verzekeraars.nl if you search for ‘persoonsgegevens’ (personal data).

If we communicate with each other electronically, for example, via Internet, e-mail or telephone,
then we may record this communication electronically. As evidence or to improve our service.


How do we protect you and ourselves against intentionally incorrect information, deception or misleading information?
We assume that we will be informed correctly and completely. If there is a suspicion of intentionally incorrect information, deception or
misleading information, we can carry out an investigation. We do this in accordance with guidelines of the Verbond van Verzekeraars,
the Dutch Association of Insurers. Because we work with Nationale Nederlanden, we also follow their guidelines. More information on
this can be found at abnamro.nl/klantgericht-verzekeren.

After carrying out an investigation, we will take a decision. For example, to immediately terminate the insurance or not to make a payout.
We may also terminate other insurances you have taken out with us. In addition, we may decide to demand repayment of payouts and
seek recovery of the investigation costs. We may also report the matter to the police. All these measures are to ensure that you do not
pay unnecessary premiums because others misuse their insurance.

External processing of personal data at Stichting CIS
To allow us to conduct a responsible acceptance, risk and fraud policy, we may examine and record details about you and your insurance
policies in the central information system (CIS) of the insurance companies operating in the Netherlands (Stichting CIS). The objective of
the personal data processing at Stichting CIS is to manage risks and combat fraud for insurers and authorised agents. You can find the
privacy statement of Stichting CIS on their website. Contact details Stichting CIS: telephone number: +31 (0)70 333 85 11, website: www.
stichtingcis.nl, postal address: Stichting CIS, Postbus 91627, 2509 EE Den Haag

Sanctions regulations
Sometimes, national and international (sanctions) rules may forbid us to conclude an insurance agreement with you. The insurance does
not come into being if you or another interested party is on a national or international sanctions list. As we check this retrospectively, a
‘condition subsequent’ applies. The condition subsequent is: “The agreement will only be concluded if it does not appear from testing
that it is prohibited, on the basis of sanctions rules, to provide financial services for or on behalf of: policyholder; insured parties,
co-insured parties and other (legal) persons who could benefit from the existence of the agreement; representatives and authorised
representatives of the policyholder’s company; ultimately beneficial owners of the policyholder’s company”.

Dutch law
This insurance is governed by Dutch law. Does a dispute result in a dispute before a court? Then, the dispute is submitted to a court in
the Netherlands.


List of definitions


Definition            
Acts of war Acts of war is organised violence, such as:

Explanation
 Armed conflict
Any situation in which states or other organised parties fight against each other, or at least the one against the
other, using military force. Armed conflict includes an armed action by a United Nations Peacekeeping Force.
 Civil war
A more or less organised armed struggle between inhabitants of the same state involving a significant portion of the
inhabitants of that state.
 Insurrection
Organised violent resistance within a state directed against the public authorities.
 Civil commotion
More or less organised violent acts occurring in different places within a state.
 Riot
A more or less organised local violent movement directed against the public authorities.
 Mutiny
A more or less organised violent movement of members of any armed force directed against the authority under
which they resort.

Definition
Building  

Explanation
is a structure that is built and is not movable, like a house, basement (storeroom), shed or garage. Please note: A
greenhouse is not a building 

Definition
Contaminated soil or
contaminated water

Explanation
is soil or water that has been contaminated worse than is permitted under the environmental legislation or
environmental regulations. And for which you must pay the costs of clearing or cleaning up according to the government.

Definiton
Conversion

Explanation
is the period during which structural changes are made to an existing building of yours. This is at least the case if your
home is not fully glazed, windproof and waterproof, and/or is not equipped with locks/barriers, a heating system, a
water supply, plumbing and/or a kitchen that you can use. For example, adding a utility room to your home, removing or
breaking through a wall, or installing a new bathroom.

Definition
Damage

Explanation
is material damage to or loss of a thing.

Definiton
Damp penetration
Explanation
is walls or floors becoming damp due to the rising or penetration of damp.

Definition
Disfigurement
Explanation
 is discolouration, ageing, deformity, corrosion, stains, scratches, dings, small dents and other superficial damage which
do not affect the normal use of a thing.

Definition
Event
Explanation
 is an incident. We deem several incidents which have the same cause one event.

Definition
Expert
Explanation
is an expert person who adheres to the Loss Adjustment Organisations Code of Conduct.

Definition
Explosion
Explanation
 is a moment of a sudden, powerful force:
 of gases or vapours in a barrel whereby a difference in pressure arises;
 due to a chemical reaction of gases, vapours or liquids.
Definition
Falling load
Explanation
is load which falls from or leaks from a motor vehicle or vessel.

Definition: Fire 
Explanation: is fire that can spread by itself to a place where it does not belong. By fire we also mean scorching, melting, singeing,
charring or smouldering. Please note: By fire we do not mean damage to electrical appliances or components due to
short circuiting, overheating or burning through.

Definition: Flooding 
Explanation: is the overflow of water from rivers, lakes, canals or ditches due to the unforeseen collapse, damage, overflow or failure
of flood defences. 
Please note: We distinguish between primary flood defences and non-primary flood defences.

Definition: Fraud 
Explanation: is obtaining unfair advantage through deliberate deception, in which things are presented differently from the way they
really are.

Definition: Garden
Explanation: is the garden around your home or your balcony belonging to the home and glass in site or balcony fencing.

Definition: Glass
Explanation: is glass or plastic that lets light through and is fitted in doors or windows of the home and buildings belonging to the
home. By glass we also mean a skylight as part of the home, a shower cubicle, and glass used in property demarcation
and balcony screening.

Definition: Kind 
Explanation: is compensation for damage in the form of a product or service rather than money. For example, a damaged floor that is
repaired or replaced by a company from our repair network.

Definition: Household 
Explanation: member is a person with whom the policyholder cohabits on a long-term basis and as a family.    

Definition: Home 
Explanation: is the residential part of the building in which you live at the address shown on your policy. By home we also mean a
thing permanently attached in, on or to your home. But only if it is customary to attach this to a home. By home, we also
mean the fence, an overhang or porch, a pergola, a swimming pool, another building of yours that belongs to your home
(within 500 metres of the address shown on the policy), an outdoor kitchen (if it is attached under an overhang or roof or
in another building), a charging station, solar panel, heat pump, wind turbine or other thing that makes your home more
sustainable. All these things must be attached to your land. We also consider a single garage (of up to 35m2 that is your
property at another address and is not used or rented out for business purposes) to be a home. Please note: We do not
consider a home to be sheet piling or a pipe (whether or not in the ground) outside the home.
We consider Sedum and green roofs to be an integral part of the home.

Definition: Inherent defect
Explanation:  is damage which does not arise due to an external event, but due to a feature or defect of the thing itself. We also
understand inherent defect to mean short-circuiting or overheating.

Definition: Motor vehicle
Explanation:  is a motor vehicle which can exceed 16 km/hour. By motor vehicle we do not mean an electric bicycle or motor mower.

Definition: Narcotic substance
Explanation: is a substance which causes a person to think or act with a decreased degree of awareness than they would have done
had they not taken the substance.

Definition: Nationale Nederlanden
Explanation:  is NN Group N.V., of which we are a part.

Definition: Non-primary flood defences
Explanation:  are objects, works or structures, such as dykes, quays or locks, that provide protection against flooding and are not
primary flood defences according to the Water Act.

Definition: Nuclear reaction
Explanation:  is a nuclear reaction whereby energy is released such as nuclear fusion, nuclear fission or radioactivity.

Definition: Overflowing water
Explanation:  Overflowing water is water that, due to a sudden defect, freezing or blockage
 inside the home or inside a building,
overflows from a water pipe or devices or installations connected to the water pipe;
 inside the home overflows from the sewer, aquarium or waterbed.

Definition: Policyholder
Explanation:  is the person who took out the insurance and who must ensure that the premium is paid. Have several persons taken out
the insurance? The first person mentioned on your policy is the policyholder.

Definition: Precipitation
Explanation: is:
 rain or melt water that leaks into a building, hail or snow;
 rainwater that flows into a building as a result of heavy rainfall. By heavy rainfall we mean at least 40 millimetres in
24 hours measured within a radius of 2 kilometres around the home.

Definition: Primary flood defences
Explanation: are objects, works or structures, such as dikes, quays and locks, that provide protection against flooding from open
water. Exactly which flood defences these are can be found in the Water Act.

Definition: Reconstruction value
Explanation: is the sum required to rebuild a similar home in the same place.

Definition: Repair costs
Explanation:  are the costs of a repair which is necessary to restore a thing to its former condition directly before the damage.

Definition: Roofs
Explanation: the covering of all or part of your home, including the supporting beams and the overall roofing framework.

Definition: Special glass 
Explanation: is specially processed glass or curved glass. By special glass we also mean stained glass, etching and sandblasting of
glass and leaded glass.

Definition: Stichting Salvage
Explanation: is an independent foundation which was founded in 1986 by the Verbond van Verzekeraars, in cooperation with
loss adjustment agencies and cleaning companies. Salvage offers first support in the event of damage. See also
stichtingsalvage.nl.

Definition: Terrorism
Explanation: is terrorism, malicious contamination or taking preventive measures as described in the Clauses Sheet Terrorism Cover.
This Clauses Sheet, which is part of these policy conditions, is enclosed as an appendix.

Definition:Textural difference
Explanation: is the difference in texture of a thing that is visible after the damage has been repaired. For example, in the finish of a
floor or a wall.

Definition: Thing
Explanation: is a tangible object as described in the Dutch Civil Code.

Definition: Usual call charges
Explanation: are your usual call charges without surcharge. These charges are set by your telephone provider.

Definition: Vandalism
Explanation: is wilful damage to the inside of your home due to the destructiveness of a person who has entered without your
permission. Please note: Damage to the outside of your home is not insured.

Definition: Verbond van Verzekeraars
Explanation: [Dutch Association of Insurers] is an association representing the interests of insurers. See also verzekeraars.nl.

Definition: Water pipe
Explanation: is a water supply or drain pipe with proper connections.

Definition: We
Explanation: is ABN AMRO Schadeverzekering N.V.

Definition: You
Explanation: is the policyholder or a member of the household of the policyholder.   



Clauses
Terrorism cover

Version 23 november 2007
(Dutch text is leading)


Article 1 / Definitions

Where they appear in this clauses sheet and the provisions based
thereupon, the following terms shall, unless otherwise stipulated, be
understood to mean:

1.1 Terrorism:
Any violent act and/or conduct – committed outside the scope of one of
the six forms of acts of war as referred to in Article 3:38 of the Financial
Supervision Act [Wet op het financieel toezicht] - in the form of an attack
or a series of attacks connected together in time and intention as a result
whereof injury and/or impairment of health, whether resulting in death or
not, and/or loss of or damage to property arises or any economic interest
is otherwise impaired, in which case it is likely that said attack or series -
whether or not in any organisational context - has been planned and/or
carried out with a view to effect certain political and/or religious and/or
ideological purposes.

1.2 Malevolent contamination:
The spreading (whether active or not) - committed outside the scope of
one of the six forms of acts of war as referred to in Article 3:38 of the
Financial Supervision Act - of germs of a disease and/or substances which
as a result of their (in)direct physical, biological, radioactive or chemical
effect may cause injury and/or impairment of health, whether resulting in
death or not, to humans or animals and/or may cause loss of or damage
to property or may otherwise impair economic interests, in which case it
is likely that the spreading (whether active or not) - whether or not in any
organisational context - has been planned and/or carried out with a view
to effect certain political and/or religious and/or ideological purposes.

1.3 Precautionary measures:
Any precautionary measures taken by the authorities and/or insured
parties and/or third parties in order to avert the imminent risk of terrorism
and/or malevolent contamination or – if such peril has manifested itself –
to minimise the consequences thereof.

1.4 Dutch Terrorism Risk Reinsurance Company [Nederlandse
Herverzekeringmaatschappij voor Terrorismeschaden N.V.] (NHT):
A reinsurance company incorporated by the Dutch Association of Insurers,
to which any liability to pay compensation under any insurance contract
which may arise from the manifestation of the risks referred to in Articles
1 (1), 1 (2), and 1 (3), may be ceded.

1.5. Insurance contracts:
a. Non-life insurance contracts insofar as they pertain to risks situated in
the Netherlands in accordance with the provisions of Article 1 (1) (p)
of the Financial Supervision Act..
b. Life insurance contracts insofar as they are entered into with a
policyholder whose regular residence is in the Netherlands, or, if the
policyholder is a legal entity, with the establishment of the legal entity
to which the insurance contract pertains, whose registered office is in
the Netherlands.
c. Funeral in kind insurance contracts insofar as they are entered into
with a policyholder whose regular residence is in the Netherlands,
or, if the policyholder is a legal entity, with the establishment of the
legal entity to which the insurance contract pertains, whose registered
office is in the Netherlands.

1.6 Insurers authorised in the Netherlands:
Life, funeral in kind and non-life insurers who are authorised by the
Financial Supervision Act to carry on the insurance business in the
Netherlands.


Article 2 / Limitation of the cover for
the terrorism risk


2.1 If and insofar as, subject to the descriptions contained in articles
1 (1), 1 (2), and 1 (3), and within the limits of the applicable policy
conditions, cover is provided for the consequences of an event which
is (directly or indirectly) related to:
– Terrorism, malevolent contamination or precautionary measures,
– Anyact or conduct in preparation for terrorism, malevolent
contamination or precautionary measures, hereinafter to be
collectively referred to as ‘the terrorism risk’, the liability to
pay compensation on the part of the insurers in respect of any
submitted claim to indemnity and/or benefit, shall be limited to
the amount of the payment which the insurer receives in respect
of said claim under the reinsurance of the terrorism risk with the
NHT, in the event of an insurance with wealth creation increased
by the amount of the wealth creation which has been realised
under the insurance in question. With regard to life insurances
the amount of the realised wealth creation shall be set at the
premium reserve to be adhered to pursuant to the Financial
Supervision Act with respect to the insurance in question.

2.2 The NHT shall provide reinsurance cover for the aforementioned claims
up to a limit of liability of EUR 1 billion in respect of any one calendar
year. The aforementioned sum shall be eligible for annual adjustment
and shall apply to all insurers associated with the NHT together.
Any adjustment shall be announced in three national newspapers.

2.3 Contrary to the provisions contained in the aforementioned
paragraphs of this article, the limit of indemnity under this contract
with respect to any insurance pertaining to:
– loss of or damage to immovable property and/or the contents
thereof;
– consequential loss due to loss of or damage to immovable
property and/or the contents thereof, shall not exceed EUR 75
million in respect of any one policyholder and any one insured
location per annum for all participating insurers as referred to in
article 1 together, irrespective of the number of policies issued.
For the application of this paragraph insured location shall be
understood to mean: all objects insured by the policyholder
existing at the address of premises to which the insurance applies,
as well as all objects insured by the policyholder located outside
the address of premises to which the insurance applies whose
use and/or purpose is in relation to the business activities at the
address of premises to which the insurance applies.
As such shall in any case be considered all objects insured by
the policyholder which are located at a distance of less than 50
metres from each other and of which at least one is situated at
the address of premises to which the insurance applies.
For the application of this paragraph it shall be provided that,
with regard to legal entities, companies and partnerships which
are joined in a group, as referred to in Section 2 (24) (b) of the
Netherlands Civil Code, all group companies together shall
be regarded as one policyholder, irrespective of which group
compan(y)(ies) belonging to the group has/have taken out the
polic(y)(ies).



Article 3 / Payment Protocol NHT


3.1 The reinsurance of the insurer with the NHT shall be subject to the
Claims Settlement Protocol (hereinafter to be referred to as the
Protocol). On the basis of the provisions laid down in said Protocol, the
NHT shall be entitled to defer any payment of indemnity or the sum
insured until such time as the NHT is able to determine whether and
to which extent it has at its disposal sufficient financial resources in
order to settle in full all claims for which the NHT provides cover in its
capacity as reinsurer. Insofar as the NHT is found not to have sufficient
financial resources at its disposal, it shall be entitled in accordance
with the provisions in question to pay a partial compensation to the
insurer.

3.2 The NHT shall, with due regard for what has been stated in provision
7 of the Protocol, be authorised to decide whether an event in
connection with which a claim to compensation is made should be
considered as a consequence of the manifestation of the terrorism
risk. Any decision taken to that effect and in accordance with the
aforementioned provision by the NHT shall be binding upon the
insurer, policyholder, insured parties, and the parties entitled to
compensation.

3.3 Not until the NHT has notified the insurer of the amount, whether as
an advance or not, which will be paid in respect of any one claim to
compensation, shall the insured or the party entitled to the payment
be entitled to lay claim to the payment as referred to in article 3 (1) in
this respect towards the insurer.

3.4 The reinsurance cover by the NHT shall pursuant to provision 16 of
the Claims Settlement Protocol only apply to claims for indemnity
and/or benefit which are reported within two years after the NHT
has established that a certain event of circumstance is regarded as a
manifestation of the terrorism risk within the context of this Clauses
Sheet.


Clauses sheet Terrorism Cover
Dutch Terrorism Risk Reinsurance Company
[Nederlandse Herverzekeringmaatschappij voor Terrorismeschaden N.V.]
(NHT)
This Clauses Sheet was filed with the Chamber of Commerce in
Amsterdam on 23 November 2007 under unaltered number 27178761.